79 to 93 Mustangs have a firewall to
hood seal this weatherstrip seals off
the seam between the hood and the cowl
panel now what this thing does it keeps
water from intruding into the engine
compartment as well as keeping a
negative air pressure in the engine
compartment so air will properly flow
through the radiator don't ask me how
that works it's way above my pay grade
this is what I was told from a ford
engineer now what causes these things to
fail as the rubber gets completely
brittle breaks cracks falls apart and no
longer performs its function
now removal is simple it's held on to
the firewall by just a series of clips
that you can pull up and remove the seal
from the firewall once you get all of
your Clips disengaged you can go ahead
and pull your old weather strip out of
the way our new five au resto weather
strip is an exact replacement for the
original correct rubber has the felt
bonding on it and all the original style
clips go ahead and slide it into place
around your hood hinges and start
engaging all of your clips one at a time
and you'll feel them engaged they'll
actually pop into place and there you go
brand-new firewall the hood seal
completely restores the function for
more under hood restoration items and
tips check out latemodelrestoration.com